Migrate @material-ui to @mui and enable the Backstage proxy to communicate with the OpenCost service (#2550)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/opencost/.changeset/young-garlics-draw.md

> ---
> '@backstage-community/plugin-opencost': minor
> ---
> 
> Fix KeyboardDatePicker import and enable the Backstage proxy to communicate with the OpenCost service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage-community/plugin-opencost': patch
---

Fixed an issue causing the build of a Backstage app to fail due to an issue when importing `KeyboardDatePicker` from `material-ui`.
```
